Update wording of Sentry config (#404)
renuo/applications-setup-guide: react_native/sentry.md

Sentry.init({ dsn: env.SENTRY_DSN, environment: env.SENTRY_ENVIRONMENT });
```

> Add the ENV variables to the `.env` files for each environment. Use the same DSN key for all the environments (!!!), Sentry will differentiate between the environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the ENV variables to the `.env` files for each environment. 

Use the **same** `SENTRY_DSN` across all environments, but set a different `SENTRY_ENVIRONMENT` in each environment (e.g. `main`, `develop`).

This allows all errors to be tracked in a single Sentry project while still being grouped by environment.
```

> * To display the project's Sentry on Renuo Dashboard do this:
>   1. Go to the project's settings on Redmine
>   2. Set the `Dash` field to the Sentry project name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project's Sentry issues can be monitored on the [Renuo Dashboard](https://dashboard.renuo.ch/redmine_projects). To configure this, ensure that the `dash` attribute for the project on Redmine is equal to the Sentry project name.
  
The different environments will be automatically detected, and you can monitor and view the Sentry issues from one place.
```
